---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 11: Class Cliques"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]
image: cycling_skyline.jpg
---

In every class, there is bound to be some people who are closer, and some not so. No matter how bonded a class is, there inevitably will be cliques in class. 

For my class, I will talk about the girls first since it is easier. We have 6 girls, and we click really well, so we are considered one clique. Then there is this subclique of physics girls, namely Claudia, Zhi Ying, Ee Ting and me. The group was originally created for us to discuss physics questions so as to not spam the girls group. It turns out that this group became a gossip group as we are huge fans of it. We even have a name for the group, Club Penguin, and each of us correspond to a penguin in Penguins of Madagascar. The idea was suggested by Claudia. I am Kowalski, the supposed “smart” one. Ee Ting is Skipper, who was the leader just like her. Zhi Ying is Rico, the “degenerate” one. Claudia is the youngest of us all, just like Private. 

Moving on to the guys. I can vaguely group them into three main groups. One is the West gang, the largest of them all, another one is the Four Men group and the last one is a group for those that did not seem to belong to any. 

The West gang, as the name suggests, includes people who live in the west. They include Zhuo Han, Dawen, Jiankai, Douglas, Zhi Heng, Cher Han, Ziqi and Yicheng, sometimes maybe Shao Chong. They go home together most of the time, and often have meals together. Seven of them, excluding Zhi Heng and Shao Chong, went on a South Korea trip right after A levels ended together (It made me so jealous because I really want to go to Korea as well). Usually such a big clique would have a smaller subclique, and so do they. There is a smaller group of them which include Zhuo Han, Dawen, Jiankai and Douglas. Because they cycled all the way to Changi for the class chalet at the end of JC1, we have since called them the Bicycle gang. But something interesting is that their whatsapp group name is “Zhuo Han ❤”. They often go out to gym and exercise together, and of course, they love cycling. 

Continuing to the Four Men gang. As you should know by the name, they have four people in the group and it includes Zi Yu, Shao Chong, Zhi Hao and Chin Howe. Given they all seemed too busy to make close friends, we were confused as to how they became a clique. Zi Yu first became close with Shao Chong, while Chin Howe and Zhi Hao were close since secondary school. Since Shao Chong was from the same class as Chin Howe and Zhi Hao in secondary 4, and Chin Howe knew Zi Yu since primary school,  they naturally came together. 

For the rest, Bernard and Julian seem close because they were in the same CCA, while there is a North group that only appears when it is time to go home, which includes Darryl, Julian and Grace, sometimes maybe Zhi Hao and me. Just as the name goes, they all live in the North, not so much for me, but it is still on the same line. Julian and Lip Wei seem to be really good friends, but they are really quiet so I’m not so sure about that. Once, the girls saw Lip Wei and Zhi Heng going to play basketball together and we were all taken by surprise because we did not think that they were that close, but seemed like it was. 
