---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 10: Subject Groups"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]
---

Seminar style learning has been a big part of JC, so that we, as students, do not just absorb all the knowledge without thinking. Instead, we are often put into different groups to discuss different topics and further our learning. 

The main subjects that we have a fixed group for long periods of time are Chemistry and Economics. 

## Chemistry

For chemistry, I have already mentioned my grouping back in Chapter 5 about teachers. It was possibly the worst group I ever had, but I’m not complaining as I did not have to be grouped with Wei Chuen anymore for the rest of Chemistry groupings. 

Was it really as bad as I mentioned? Well, Wei Chuen is extremely passionate about chemistry, so when we get enrichment worksheets to do together as a group, he always finishes first and shows us how to do it, and I would not get a chance to try out the questions myself, or discuss it together as a group to learn from one another. Furthermore, both Zhi Heng and Chloe are on the real quiet side, especially when we did not know each other before (Zhi Heng was in my OG but I did not talk to him at all). 

I remember myself dreading chemistry lessons, where I was envious of other people making friends with each other and forming close bonds. Ee Ting (with Claudia, Zhuo Han and Lip Wei) and Grace’s (with Zhi Ying, Chin Howe and Dawen)  groups seemed the best. Their group discussions always seemed to be filled with laughter while mine was always just Wei Chuen talking animatedly. It did not help that I was transitioning into JC and could not understand a lot of the concepts taught, especially chemical bonding. I was really confused about the different types of chemical bonding as I could not see the big picture whereas the guys from high school had already learnt it in their curriculum. 

When Mrs Cheng had this one-to-one talk with every student, I voiced my concerns to her and she was really patient in listening to me and giving me advice and possible ways to go about with the situation. Thinking back about it, she was a really nurturing teacher, teaching me to be more understanding and considerate towards my classmates. 

To my delight, after two terms, Mrs Cheng announced that we were going to change groups. I could not be happier. Previously she asked for our opinions on changing groups and I had strongly advocated for it. For people who enjoyed their groups such as Chin Howe, he tried convincing Mrs Cheng of the opposite. He said, “Let’s change chem groups after next year!”

I got jokingly upset with him, “Walao, I’ll kill you for suggesting that.”

Zi Yu piped in, “Why don’t you kill the problem instead of killing Chin Howe?”

I shot daggers at him.

My next chemistry group was much better, and it consisted of Claudia, Douglas and Shao Chong. Although Shao Chong was also quite quiet at first, we had a fun time discussing the enrichment worksheets. I started looking forward to chemistry lessons.

First time I felt close to Douglas was when he started dissing and guailaning me, especially in the morning at the class bench. He would go, “Linglong, why you so smart!!” in a sarcastic tone, and I would just roll my eyes at him. 

During this period, Claudia successfully made me more cultured in memes and Reddit. She showed me PewDiePie’s “Hej Monica” song, along with many funny memes. I really need to thank her for helping me understand many of the popular terms used today. 

Shao Chong also opened up. He would make really sarcastic or toxic remarks while listening to Douglas flaming me or Claudia or vice versa. It was quite funny at times, and I was really satisfied with my new group. 

We had to plan and run a seminar lesson by ourselves about Molecular Orbital (MO) Theory (it was required for all groups). I totally did not understand the theory, and repeatedly asked Douglas and Shao Chong to explain it to me. They were really patient about it, helping me and Claudia to understand the concept. I am glad to say that my group got much closer after nights to preparing the slides and teaching materials (and complaining about how hard MO theory is).

A new year marks a change in groups. In JC2, my new group was with Ee Ting, Dawen and Cher Han. As Ee Ting tended to mess up a lot, the group dynamics revolved around the group teasing her. Furthermore, we often did our worksheets very fast (especially Dawen), and she would not be able to catch up, so she would always tell us to slow down. 

Funny thing was that Darryl and Zhuo Han (and Zhi Hao also) were put into the group with Wei Chuen. Hence, every lesson was quite entertaining, watching Darryl and Zhuo Han get fed up with Wei Chuen. 

We changed our groups one last time right after Block Test 2. Mrs Cheng asked the girls whether it was okay with randomised groupings, meaning that we might be alone in a group with three other guys. We were all quite okay with it.

Thankfully, I ended up in a quite good group with Shao Chong, Darryl and Bernard. I think I was able to learn a lot especially since Shao Chong and Darryl were both in H3 Chemistry. 

Sadly, Claudia and Grace had to take one for the class and were in the same group as Wei Chuen, along with Lip Wei. 

## Economics

Moving on to economics. When the class was not familiar with one another yet, Mr Tan told us to form groups of 4 to work on essays and case studies. The high school guys, having known each other, immediately formed groups by themselves, and left the JAE students and the girls groupless. Grace and Ee Ting wanted to break the guy-girl divide, so they suggested for the remaining guys to form pairs to group with two girls. The remaining guys included Wei Chuen, so it was hard trying to split the group. In the end, I ended up with Grace, Douglas and Lip Wei (thankfully). 

This group was very task oriented. We did not video call much, as we would split the parts of the essay on Whatsapp and do it ourselves. I think we did make a good group, because our group essays were often above average. 

There was also this Independent Learning Project (ILP) for economics where the class is split into two groups to work on the chapter of Market Failure. We were split according to our groups, and thankfully (again) I was in the group without Wei Chuen. 

We had to do this skit about imperfect information, so we went to Ee Ting’s house to film it. It was a really hot day, but a funny one indeed. Zhuo Han dressed up as a property agent, Zhi Ying was a ring seller, while Bernard was the main protagonist (Xiao Ming) being conned. Julian and Lip Wei acted as construction workers and I acted as Xiao Ming’s girlfriend. One really memorable thing was when I threw the ring as an act, it accidentally fell into the fish pond at the side. It was Ee Ting mother’s ring and I felt really sorry about it. Thankfully, her mother did not get too angry at me. 

In JC2, we changed our groups. Wei Chuen was in charge of our new groupings. I remember Ee Ting and I were watching 比悲伤更悲伤的故事 (More Than Blue) movie at Ang Mo Kio, and we saw our groupings after the movie. We were overjoyed when we saw that we were in the same group. 

Economics lessons became mainly me talking to Ee Ting only, as Ziqi was quite reserved, and I ran out of things to talk to Zi Yu about. We did, however, always guailan Ee Ting, because she was in H3 Economics. 

Towards the end, the group was not used much, as Mr Tan just focused on teaching and there was less discussion required. 

