---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 2: The Very Beginning"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]
---

I stared at my phone. One missed call, and an unread message. Both were from the same unknown number, and the message read, “Please report to D601at 3pm tomorrow regarding your SMTP-GATE application. Do not reply.” 

I felt a rush of excitement through my body. Yes! I finally got in! My other friends such as  Wee Jern and Yong Yin had already gotten their SMTP offers about a week ago, and I was worried that I did not make the cut for the programmes. SMTP (Science and Math Talent Programme) and GATE (Gifted and Talented Education Programme) are two programmes offered by my school that requires undergoing strict screening processes, and the message was a sure sign that at least I got into either of the two programmes. 

The next day, I took the lift up the D block, trying to figure out if I had gotten into GATE physics or chemistry. Outside the classroom, I saw some acquaintances, and through some questions, I found out that they took biology. I was a little confused. Didn’t Wee Jern and Yong Yin get their offers with people who got the same offers? Why does it seem as though I’ve come at the wrong time or to the wrong place? 

Thankfully, another batch of people arrived at the room, and it included Ee Ting! She is Xirui and Vernice’s softball batchmate back in Nanyang, and she wants to take physics too. Although we didn’t talk much before, we knew each other’s existence and started chatting animatedly.

“We’re getting it at the same time? GATE physics I guess?” She asked.

“Yeah, let’s hope we both get it and be in the same class!” I replied.

Soon, the SMTP and GATE teachers, Ms Bob and Ms Wang respectively, went into the room and told us all to go inside. It was a room with many round tables, and along with Ee Ting, we sat around a table with other girls from 401 (I was from 402 and Ee Ting was from 403). Sitting next to me was Grace Wong, a really amicable girl whom I’ve always seen next door (401 and 402's classrooms were always next to each other) and we said hi in a friendly manner. 

After we settled down, the teachers addressed us, congratulating us and informing us of some administrative matters, such as appealing to the other programmes and how to accept/reject the offer. Ten minutes in, and they started giving out the offer letters. 

Many names were called, and it was still not Ee Ting’s or my turn. My heart was feeling quite unsettled, trying to predict what I would receive. Finally, Ms Wang called, “ Hu Linglong.” I went up to the front, heart beating faster than ever. Receiving the letter with both hands, I thanked Ms Wang with a smile. While standing, I opened the letter and out came the few words:

“GATE (CHEM), S21 PCME”

I was stunned. 

Gate chemistry was what I wanted to get into at the end of secondary 4, but after the SMTP GATE selection test, my confidence in chemistry was utterly destroyed. Feeling that I did much better for physics in the test, I was 90% sure that I was not getting into it. 

At the same time,  Ee Ting also got called and received her letter. Recovering from my shock, I turned to her and asked, “What did you get?” 

She looked at me with an equally stunned face, “GATE Chem!” 

“LOL SAME!” I high-fived her while she was still in her state of shock. With the same subject combination and programme, we were certain that we will be classmates. 

To our delight, Grace also got GATE chemistry! “But will we be in the same class?” I looked at her subject combination with worry -- BCME. 

“Hopefully, then we can all be in the same class and have fun together!” Grace positively said. 

