---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 3: Orientation"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]

---

The next day was the first day of school for the Joint Admission Exercise (JAE)students, where we, the Integrated Programme (IP) students from Nanyang and Hwa Chong had already come to school for two weeks of IP activities. 

After the opening address by the principal, Mr Pang, we were split into our orientation groups (OG). There were about 30 OGs and I was in OG10. When the list was first distributed to everyone through a QR code, I practically saw no familiar names, except for primary school classmate Kah Jun and Nanyang acquaintance Zhi qi. 

The first meeting with the people in OG was a hilarious one. I first went to the OG leader (OGL) to mark my attendance and sat in two rows with the other people who came earlier. Coincidentally, Kah Jun, whom I haven’t spoken to for more than four years, was sitting at the end, and I had no choice but to sit next to him. At first, no one said anything. After three minutes of awkward silence, I couldn’t stand it anymore, and I started the conversation, “You’re Kah Jun right?”

He gave an awkward laugh and said, “Yea, and you’re Linglong right.”

We continued the conversation for a short while, asking about each other’s subject combinations. He surprisingly revealed that he was offered GATE Chem as well, but he rejected it, one reason was because of somebody whom I did not know at the time. (Well, you can try guessing who was it, no prizes though)

Fast forward to a few days later, or even a week, orientation finally ended. Orientation was a really tiring period, trying to know more than 30 new faces and remembering their names, and it was when I felt that I had a tinge of social anxiety around new people, but I am glad to have met good friends in it too! First was of course my bridge partner, Kimberly, then there’s Tze Lynn, and also Haocheng, who was from Shanghai as well. 
Interestingly, we found out about each other’s hometown during a OG outing, and we were sitting next to each other. I don’t exactly remember why we were talking about crabs, but I mentioned how I like to eat 大闸蟹 (a type of crab famous in Shanghai), then he looked shocked, and asked if I was from there. More surprisingly, we both knew how to speak the Shanghainese dialect, and I guess that was what pulled us a little closer at the start of last year. 
