---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 5: Teachers"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]
---

Lessons started after one long month of orientation. As said before, I took PCME (physics, chemistry, mathematics and economics), one of the most common subject combinations in the school. 13 out of 23 of the class take the same subjects as me, while the other 10 take biology instead of physics. 

Like a tradition, teachers would always make a powerpoint slide to introduce themselves during the first lessons, and state their expectations or teaching styles. 

Our very first lesson was Chemistry. Before the lesson, Wei Chuen forwarded a message by our teacher Mrs Cheng to first read page 3-8 of the chemistry book. As we were a GATE chem class, we did not have lectures with the rest of the cohort. We first met Mrs Cheng in D512, and she looked quite stern on first glance. As usual, the girls sat together and the guys sat with themselves. After she introduced herself, she announced that she has already split the class into groups of 4 to facilitate class discussion. 

I was with Chloe, Wei Chuen and Zhi Heng. Little did I know that I had gotten the shittiest group possible at that time, and I still had an open mindset that Wei Chuen was not as bad as Chin Howe described. 

Our math teacher is Mrs Chen, while our physics teacher is Mr Alvin Low. I was quite surprised at Mr Low’s name as my previous math teacher was called Mr Aloysius Low. Both Mrs Chen and Mr Low seemed really nice, but other than that I did not have much of a first impression of them. 

Before the first economics lesson, Wei Chuen added us to this big Whatsapp group that was called something about Panda. Our economics teacher, Mr Willian Tan, typed a message to explain the existence of the group, to coordinate things more easily. To be honest, I had imagined him to be an ang moh, I don’t understand why either, so I was a little surprised to see him, who was a short Asian person. As economics was a new subject, I paid a lot of attention during the first lecture. Mr Tan talked about having independent study groups, which was a new thing he wanted to try on us, and I was really worried that I would not be able to fare well in the subject. 

There was no introduction lesson for general paper as it has already been done previously. Ms Wang started by telling us about the subject, where the examiners can test anything and everything under the sun. As usual, like my previous english teachers, she said that it is crucial that we follow the news constantly to be updated with current affairs. 

Then there was project work. Prior to lectures, all of us have already heard many things about this subject, about how there might be a slacker in your group. Another problem was that many high school guys did not want to be in the same group as Wei Chuen. Our teacher was Ms Tan, a very prim and proper woman who seemed really passionate about the subject yet speaks really slowly. 

Lastly would be physical education, but it was not a very big part of school as it was only once a week. Our teacher is called Mr Joshua Teo. 
