---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 18: Hwa Chong Cup"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]
image: hainan_sunset2.jpg
---

Hwa Chong also has its own contract bridge competition -- Hwa Chong Cup (HC Cup). It is held annually by the mindsports CCA. It is not exactly just a contract bridge competition, but multiple competitions for the different mindsports: contract bridge, international chess, chinese chess, othello and weiqi. 
	
In JC1, we didn’t participate in HC Cup because we did not know much about bridge yet (HC Cup is held even earlier than Raffles Pairs), and there was a team limit. Hence, the JC1s who were not playing were helpers for the Cup, directing participants to the venue, giving out lunch etc. I did not recall anything significant except that Ervin was quite pissed at himself for not doing well in the competition. 

The main point of this chapter lies in the second year of HC Cup for us. Kimberly, Tze Lynn, Nicole, Ervin and Yihao were all in the exco team, so they planned it, and I was roped in to help on that day. We all got the chance to play as well. Hence, we were both participants and the organising team, and it was a hectic day I must say. 

We set up the hall for the competitions the previous day, and came early in the morning of the actual day to touch up the final bits. Kimberly and I were in the same team as Zheng Wei, Zheng Pai, Zhi Qin and Chen Xiang. As only two pairs could play at one time, Kimberly and I sat out while the other four played. I had fun walking around and watching the other mindsports games during this break. 

However, it was a disastrous start for my team. The two pairs were wrecked, and while Kimberly and I gave out lunch, Zheng Wei seemed so down, and he did not want to play anymore. The morale of the team was extremely low. It seemed like Kimberly and I could no longer sit out, and had to play for the rest of the competition. 

It was a nervous start. It was the first competition of the year, and Kimberly and I did not feel prepared. At least, because our team ranking was terrible, we played against teams who had similar rankings. Our first opponents were our juniors, so that allowed us to pace the game well. As it was the juniors’ first competition, Kimberly and I , alongside Zhi Qin and Chen Xiang, managed to farm them (meaning that we won a lot of points from them). The next opponents were some JC1s from Raffles Institution. I remember it was a really friendly game, because one of them was also called Kimberly, and we laughed at the coincidence. As our opponents did not know exactly what they were doing as well, we managed to farm them, and slowly rise in the rankings. 

We farmed another team, and was in either second or third place by the end of that round. It was a miraculous comeback. Kimberly and I were so surprised at how well we were doing. 

However, in the last round, we were up against the best team from Raffles Institution. Given how we were on a roll, you might think that we won against them. On the contrary, we died very badly. We fed them the number 1 position when our other team could compete for it. However, the result was surprising. We still managed to get third place, just slightly beating out the fourth position. 

It was the first achievement for Kimberly and I in contract bridge (Raffles Pairs was after HC Cup), and you could never tell how overjoyed we were. Previously, when Kimberly was setting up the trophies on the stage, she said that she really wanted to take one home, but we both decided that it was near impossible, especially after the horrible start. We were so proud of ourselves as well as our team. Zheng Wei felt better towards the end and also participated in the last two rounds (if I remembered correctly). It was a team effort and it is such a miracle that we managed to achieve this result.

The other team, comprising Ervin, Tian Yi, Yihao, David, Tze Lynn and Nicole got second. 

It was quite a successful HC Cup as well, and was wrapped up very nicely. The organising team stayed back to pack up and some of us were so tired that we just lay on the stage to rest. We went out for a celebratory dinner afterwards. 
