---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 20: CCA Birthdays"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]
image: malaysia_carnival.jpg
---

CCA birthday celebrations held a special place in my heart, because the cycle started on my birthday. 

I remember that in JC1, my birthday was on a Thursday. As we start school one hour later on Thursdays, I would reach school at around 8.15am to have a longer sleep time. That day, I sat down at the class bench as usual, talked to the other classmates who had reached earlier about homework, then someone told me to look back. 

I was surprised. The bridge batch of about 7 people (not everyone) were behind me, and started singing happy birthday. It was quite embarrassing because it was originally quite quiet, and everyone looked over during the song. I was blessed with my birthday presents from them, and afterwards we went to the central plaza to take a picture. It was really funny that we used a digital candle on a phone for me to blow, and I held the phone for the picture.

Tze Lynn, as the welfare rep for the CCA, organised all of the birthday celebrations. Every time, she would ask for message ideas relating to the birthday person’s name. I never have good ideas, but Yihao and Zhengwei, and sometimes Nicole, always contributed diligently. 

One very funny celebration was the one for Kimberly. We usually gather at Yihao’s class bench before the surprise. However, it was on the way where Kimberly walked to her classroom. You could guess what happened. Kimberly bumped into us while we were still preparing, and one look at us she could already tell that we were preparing for her birthday celebration (as it is somewhat a tradition already). Then on that day, Jing Ying came very late, but she wanted to be in the photo, so we had to wait for her to run across half the school. It was a really rushed photo as the bell had already rung and we had to get to class on time. 

Gathering people was also one hard job. People are often unwilling to come to school earlier to gather and give a surprise for the birthday person (aka me oops). We would spend most of the time trying to ask the batch to come. 

We celebrated Ervin’s “birthday” on Junior Treat Senior as he didn’t want to celebrate his birthday (and we didn’t know which day it is ).

After one round was over and we had celebrated everyone’s birthday, it was back to my birthday. As it was very near the exam period (prelims), I never expected a birthday celebration. However, after reaching the class bench that day, I suddenly thought to look up towards Yihao’s class bench. And there they were. Apparently Yihao told Zhi Hao to let me sit on the other side of the class bench so Yihao’s class bench would not be in my direct line of sight, but Zhi Hao was not at the class bench when I reached, so it failed. Anyways, I still got a pleasant surprise when they still celebrated my birthday (they referring to the more active members of bridge, which were the 5 other girls and Ervin, Yihao, David and Zheng Wei). 
