---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 8: Faculty Outing"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]
image:
---

Faculty outing sounded really expensive (and it still is) when we first heard it in JC 1. I remember it was $20+. Hence, when Yanwen asked if anyone wanted to go, almost no one did. To be fair, we weren’t that close to each other yet, so it might be quite awkward. However, Yanwen asked Ee Ting to personally ask each one of us to go, so most of us went (for the experience), and also because it was an opportunity to bond with one another. 

That day was 14th April 2018. My project work group (will talk about that in another chapter) met at Ziqi’s house before going, since it was near Lakeside, where we were supposed to meet for the outing. 

After waiting for most of the class, we boarded the chartered bus to the location of the faculty outing. It was all laughter and jokes on the long ride, but the bus drove to this building that looked like a construction site, and went up the dark building with loads of turns. 

Someone exclaimed, “Oh no, looks like we are being kidnapped!” and it brought more laughter to the bus.
	
We ended up at the top of the building, which had a big function room where the outing was held. There were many activities available, such as face painting, and one memorable one was sumo wrestling in an air suit. It was the booth that Yanwen was in charge of. The suit itself was really cute and funny, and even more hilarious when Zhuo Han wore it and fought.

Then of course, there were the performances. After getting our food from a buffet, we managed to chope the first row seats. 

First performance with one of our friends was Chinese Dance with Claudia. They danced to 青花瓷, a song which I really love, and gave the whole outing a really chinese vibes, which felt quite weird since the place was quite dark with neon lights (the theme was something about neon lights). 

Next was the Athena councillors (with Vernice and Zhi Hao inside) dancing to Stray Kid’s Hellevator, a Kpop group that I was really into along with Ee Ting. It got really hyped and they did another dance with a balloon in their jacket hoodie, which I parodied immediately after. 

After the performances was photo taking time, something that is so tiring yet essential at every outing. It was so hard to gather everyone, especially the whole class in the messy environment where everyone is trying to find their friends. I forgot how, but I was in charge of giving out the polaroids that the class took at the photo booth, and it was so confusing because I ended up with one extra and up till today I do not know who did not receive it. Also, my PW group managed to take a photo but without Lip Wei, as he had already left.

It was extremely late by the time we left, but I must say that the class did bond together over this outing and the money was not wasted. And the success of the first faculty outing led to a more enthusiastic response for the one next year.

The 2019 Faculty Outing was not as eventful as the previous year, as we already got an idea about how it is roughly going to be like. However, this year, Ee Ting and Zhi Hao, being in Faccomm, were very much involved in organising it, so it was to support them as well. 

This time it was at Ang Mo Kio, similarly at an ulu place like last year. Zhi Ying and I were early, so we managed to get the free ice cream and churros at the outing without much queue, unlike the rest of the class which came with the crowd.

This time the place was a little smaller and felt more cramped when trying to sit down to watch the performances. Ee Ting this time performed and one part she did a small part of four little swans (swan lake?) which was really funny.

There was this clubbing session led by Yicheng, one contract bridge junior, but I did not feel the vibe, so did not join. 

Photo taking time was a mess as well, and this time the lighting was not good, as we did not want to queue for the photo booth. On our way home, Wei Chuen, who did not make it for the outing, commented in the class chat, “the photos are overexposed because background too bright lol”

Our replies: 

Zi Yu: “😱”

Me: “why don’t you help us ps it then”

Douglas: “Then y u never come acropolis help us take” (the faculty outing name was called Acropolis)

Wei Chuen said something along the lines of him mugging at home (but he deleted the message), and the replies were equally funny. 

Zhuo Han: “Bojio I want mug also”

Jiankai: “Teach me how to mug!!!!!!!”

Wei Chuen replied, “senpai should teach me instead how to ace everything”

I believe everyone had a great laugh over the conversation that night.

