---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 17: Raffles Pairs"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]
---

There were so many contract bridge competitions we joined. The very first one was Raffles Pairs, of course organised by Raffles Institution (RI). It was a matchpoint competition, which means that there are no teams and each pair are on their own. It was a Saturday (most competitions are on the weekends) and we met in the early morning at RI. 

Kimberly and I were so nervous. We only knew the opening bids, overcalling bids and one convention, which was XYZ (some convention for bidding). That is totally not enough, but it was the best we could do. 

The competition was held in a classroom at the top level of the school. The classroom was organised with tables grouped together in fours with bidding boxes. After some registration process of deciding the pair number, the competition started. 

It was really stressful. Every round had two rounds, and we were only given 15 minutes for each round, and one minute to move. There wasn’t sufficient time to think through the bidding and the cardplay. I was confused as to where to move at the end of each round, as well as where to pass the boards. 

I remember that I was really afraid of doubles (Kimberly as well). Everytime the opponent bidded a double, even though it may just relay some message to their partner (as I learnt later), I would be very anxious. I thought that Kimberly and I did not do that badly, as we did not miss a lot of games (in simple terms it means you maxed out the points you can get) or slams (same as games), but as a newbie, I was obviously wrong. I did not realise that the opponents were sacrificing to get a higher “score” (as I learnt later as well). Hence, after the lunch break, Kimberly and I placed second or third last out of everyone. It was quite demoralising, but we just aimed to not place last after the whole competition. If I remembered correctly, we achieved our goal. 

After the competition, we had dinner together at Junction 8, a place we would soon get sick of as well (Singapore Contract Bridge Association is in Bishan as well, and many competitions are held there). 

Fast forward a year, we joined the Raffles Pairs again. This time, after many other competitions (which I will mention in the next few chapters), Kimberly and I were much more prepared. We had a document of all of our conventions (other pairs did as well), and we were determined to not do as badly as last time. 

First part of the competition did not go as well as I expected, but it was okay and we managed to get into the top half (the pairs in the top half will play amongst themselves for the next round and the same goes for the pairs in the bottom half). At least this time we were all very used to the 15 minutes time limit. On the other hand, the J1 juniors were the problem this time, as they took really long to bid and declare, just like us last year. 

Lunch time was pretty long. Our batch was seated together after lunch and we joked around a lot. One memorable thing was that Snapchat had this filter to turn guys into girls and vice versa. The guys were very against this filter, so the girls tried different ways to take a picture of them in that filter, Yihao especially. We did manage to, towards the end of the break. 

Kimberly and I set a goal to reach 50%. However, looking at our batchmates who were better than us, as well as the Raffles players, we told ourselves we would celebrate if we did manage to reach our goal. 

I recall some sick hands and memorable boards. One was where Kimberly had 22+ High Card Points (HCP) and Yicheng (the J1 mindsports president), sitting before her, raised his partner’s preempt to 4S, and Kimberly was very much at a loss as to what to do. I, on the other hand, had very little HCP but an extremely unbalanced hand. In the end, Yicheng was the declarer, and the contract was doubled by Kimberly. Yicheng sadly went down by a lot, which gave Kimberly and me a lot of points as well. It was more than what a slam, the optimal contract, would give us, so it was a big advantage. 

There was another board where the opponents (from Raffles) doubled Kimberly’s 4S, but she made the contract! I was so scared for her when she was declaring, but was so proud that she managed to pull through it. 

It was soon time for the prize presentation. Jing Ying and Doris got second for the lower half group, Brian and Hao Cheng got first while a J1 junior got third. It was practically a podium sweep for Hwa Chong! We were especially proud of Jing Ying because she did not take the CCA seriously most of the time but did study for this competition. 

Next came the announcement for the upper half. The emcee revealed that the third place got 59.38%, and Kimberly commented, “Woah that’s so high.” Then, the most unbelievable thing happened. Kimberly and my names were called! I really did not expect that. Kimberly and I were stunned and stared at each other in disbelief. The hard work of practising and going through conventions did work I guess, but we attributed it more to luck. Ervin and Tianyi got first, as expected, coming from our best pair. 

The rest of the day felt like a dream, with everyone congratulating me and Kimberly. I must say, it feels the best when you do well in something you like. 
