---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 4: First Impressions"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]
image: d_block_view.jpg
---

Soon, it was time to separate into different classes. Honestly, I felt so tired during this period because before getting to know my OG mates further, I was placed into another group of people whom I have never seen before. Furthermore, there was only one person who was in the same OG and class with me, Zhi Heng, and he was so quiet that till now I haven’t spoken more than 10 sentences with him. (Not even kidding)

I still remember that day vividly. My OG was beside the 饮水思源 fountain, solving lame logic jokes (e.g. 1: A, B and C are triplets who promised to be together forever. One day, A died, then B killed C. Why is that so? e.g. 2: a group of friends celebrated a blind friend A’s birthday. When the lights were off and the friends sang the birthday song for A, the friends all died except for A when the lights were back on. Why is that so?) and we were all waiting for our class allocation to be out. 

As there was only one class of GATE Chem, I was already added to the class group chat by Zhi Ying a few days ago. The first message went, “Hi Ling Long, I'm Zhi Ying from NYGH 401. I heard u are in Chem GATE, so I was wondering if u want to be added into a Whatsapp group with people who are most likely going to be our classmates in Chem GATE?” 

The first message I saw was “Potato 🥔” by Darryl, and I guess he proclaimed his love for the vegetable since the beginning.  After Claudia was added,  she introduced herself in the group but no one else replied. I usually do not want to talk in a group chat, especially when I do not know most of them. 

I was surprised to see a familiar contact in the groupchat: Cher Han. He was my primary school classmate yet we have not talked for over four years. Another contact would be Zhi Heng, who was from my OG but I have never talked to him before. 

That day we were supposed to meet at D507. I called Ee Ting to make sure she was about to reach, and then I took the lift up to the classroom. As it was not the designated time yet, there were people standing outside the classroom. I forgot the details, but the girls gathered together and I remember being shocked to realise that there were only 6 girls in the class! 

After a while, Ms Wang walked inside the classroom and asked us to go in as well. There was such obvious gender segregation, where the girls sat around one table, while the guys sat on the other side of the classroom around three tables. 

The session was for Ms Wang to self introduce herself and us to introduce ourselves as well. I remember she said while she was a general paper teacher, she was also the coordinator of the GATE programme, and there was no need for her to know the sciences to do the administrative things in GATE. 

We had to choose a temporary CT rep (aka class monitor) and the guys from high school started naming Wei Chuen. We girls were not close to each other so we just kept quiet. Little did we know why they wanted him to be the temporary CT rep. Wei Chuen agreed really reluctantly. 

Fast forward to us knowing our senior CT rep, Yanwen. He’s a really chill and nice guy, and he seemed really patient in answering questions. I remember how Ee Ting was quite pumped up to be the class CT rep, so she asked many questions while Yanwen brought us on a school tour. There were lunch breaks for the class to bond together, and sometimes the guys from high school would bring us to the high school canteen to eat. Such times felt so tiring because you have to constantly sustain the conversation with the class to get to know more about them (most of the time is trying to remember names and secondary school). At that time, I really wished that I could fast forward time to when we know each other better and can joke around. 

There was this shooting game we played to know each other’s names better, and Chin Howe left a really deep impression because he could remember almost everyone’s names! After that, he revealed that he knew more than half of the class because they were all from high school, and a large proportion were from the same class. 

We played speed dating as well. As there were only 6 girls in the class, some of the guys had to be part of the ‘girls’ line for the game (?) to work. Nothing much was memorable, just that I found out that Douglas played the same instrument as Wee Jern (tuba) in their previous CCA (concert band), and I was really tired of talking, especially repeating myself many times since orientation. The main thing was that I always ran out of things to ask or say, and many times, the conversations will end up being awkward silences, with some dry laughter. 

I actually wanted to be back with my OG, because at least I knew all of their names already, and was close to some, but honestly, looking back at it, it is not a really smart decision since I will spend most of my time in school with my class instead of my OG. I don’t even say hi or talk to most of them already, just a few really close ones. 

During class orientation, we had to do a class performance from scratch, and we somehow decided on dancing to Dong Saya Dae, and doing a customised class cheer at the end. We were given some time to prepare for it, and in the two days, Chin Howe showcased his leadership skills, in trying to arrange the whole class into the correct orientation and breaking down the dance into smaller and slower steps. I remember the class being quite unwilling to learn the dance because it was so effort-consuming and I had the tense-up feeling that one person may just explode and not do the dance, rendering the class into pieces. Thankfully, no one did. 

We showed the dance in front of the whole faculty (we were in Athena Faculty because we’re in GATE). I think it was quite successful although we did not win the top three, and that was what we wanted, because the top three classes would have to perform on Post-Orientation-Party (POP) night. This really pulled the class together and became more bonded as a whole, I must say. 

And dancing was not over. Every faculty will have to learn a group dance, and perform on POP night as well. For Athena, the dance required a girl and a guy to be paired together according to height. As usual, as we had many more guys in our class, there were a lot of guy-guy pairings. I was paired with Bernard while Ee Ting was paired with Wei Chuen behind me. It was the first time I realised that I was the second tallest girl in class, just behind Ee Ting. The dance was cool, but it seemed like a waste of time to me, and it at most contributed to a little bit of bonding within classes. 

There were short snippets of time for us to enjoy ourselves, and we played many puzzles to find a pattern, most of the time with the pattern being really dumb. (More examples: black magic, how many meh mehs jumped over the fence, this is A and this is B so what is C).

I remember the time before dinner of the night of POP very vividly. It was the first time the guys (more like Chin Howe only) spilled the ‘tea’ about Wei Chuen and why the high school guys always pick on him. After ensuring that Wei Chuen was the only one not around, Chin Howe started mimicking Wei Chuen’s behaviour, posture and habits. After that, Ee Ting told me that she was unhappy about what Chin Howe did, as we should always give people a chance to start anew, but I believe that she would have taken back her words by now.  

POP was on 14th February, Valentine's day. There were judges to choose the best faculty dance out of the four, and Apollo won. We mainly attributed it to their very obvious and nice props, which were lights, while Athena’s were white sleeves. (Artemis had masks and I forgot what Ares had)

My OG agreed to go out to have a small snack afterwards and I joined as well, and we sat near the entrance of Botanic Gardens. We played Burning Bridges, and we saw so many couples around (of course). I went home really late that day, and I was surprised that my mum was not that angry. It was the first time I felt that I was treated truly like a grownup. 
