---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 14: H3"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]
---

Our main subjects are usually H2, with General Paper and Project Work being H1. There is an option of taking an extra subject on the H3 level in JC 2, if you did well in your promotional exams in JC1. It is usually for those who have an interest in learning deeper about one subject in particular, and for those who had time to spare. I was really free in JC1, so I decided that I will take a H3 if my grades crossed the mark. 

Being the nerdy GATE class we are, most of us opted for a H3 subject. I remember us trying to decide during the period while preparing for PW oral presentation. There were many different options, one for each of our H2 subjects which were offered by MOE, and two physics H3, one biology H3 as well as one economics H3 offered by the local universities. 

Most of the class wanted chemistry, as they really love the subject. On the other hand, I was not so keen on chemistry, and was leaning towards physics and math. Yet, I did surprisingly well for economics for promotional exams, so I was torn between economics as well. I actually really like math as a subject, since I did well in it and can do it fast, but one major factor in deterring me from choosing it was that no one else in class wanted to take H3 math, no one at all. Another reason was that there were many smart scholars taking it, and I would not be able to get the distinction due to the bell curve. Shao Chong was considering H3 math. He even asked me to give him a reason to take H3 math (jokingly), and I was at a loss for words.

In the end, I decided to take H3 math after much consideration. Four people in class took H3 economics, around 12-13 people took H3 chemistry, one took H3 physics and one (me) took H3 math. 

Being the only H3 math student in class, I get flamed a lot. Whenever I have any H2 math questions, my classmates will say, “Aren’t you the one in H3?”. On the other hand, they did ask me a lot more math questions than before, and I did feel really good when I could answer their questions. 

In normal math lessons, whenever Mrs Chen asked a question and there was no reply after a while, people would start to look at me, thinking that I could answer it. Mrs Chen would sometimes also pick me out to answer her questions, which is honourable, but embarrassing when I do not know the answer to some.

I would still be envious of others who went to H3 lessons together, and I had to go to my H3 lessons alone. However, one advantage of H3 math was that math was a subject that needed talent and practice, and there wasn’t much to teach, so lessons always ended early. One time it ended 15 minutes into the lesson! It was something I could always flex on my classmates taking other H3s.  

All MOE H3 had one A level paper, and it was usually at the end. For our year, the H3 math paper is one day before the last H2 paper (for physics). For the other H3s, it was the following week, which means that while other people are enjoying their long-awaited post-A levels holidays, they had to study for one more week. Thankfully, I did not. I remember that I was a jerk and kept mentioning it to my classmates who were really salty. 
