---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 9: Project Work"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]
image: home_sunset_view3.jpg
---

Project work is one subject that every JC student has to take, and I assure you, it is quite a waste of time, and universities usually do not look at the grade, except, maybe, Singapore universities. It is a group project, where students are put together into groups of 4-5 people and spend one year working on a project with a specific theme.

For my year, the themes were “Crisis” and “Advertising”. As you can probably tell, the themes are extremely broad and allow us to link almost everything to it. 

When there is a group project, the most important thing is your groupmates. Long before we got our groups, we had already heard many ‘horror’ stories about irresponsible groupmates, unhelpful teachers etc., and we really wanted to have a good and cooperative group. For our class, we did not want to be grouped with Wei Chuen, as he can be quite bossy at times. Everyone had this blacklist on a form to be submitted to Ms Tan, and some did put down his name. 

I remember the day that Ms Tan announced the groupings really clearly. It was a Friday afternoon, right before dismissal. The whole class had to sit through Ms Tan’s speech for an agonising 15 minutes before she showed us the list. I could feel everyone holding in their breath when they looked through the list.

Someone yelled “Yes!” really loudly, and of course he was not in the same group as Wei Chuen. I also heaved a sigh of relief when I saw my groupmates’ names, which were Zhi Ying, Ziqi, Jiankai and Lip Wei. In the end, Grace, Claudia, Darryl and Douglas were grouped together with Wei Chuen. 

I had remembered that it was a Friday really clearly, as I walked with Zhuo Han to the mindsports classrooms for CCA (he’s in the International Chess section) and we talked about how relieved we were about not hitting the "jackpot". 

Surprisingly, I had a really enjoyable PW experience. Ms Tan was really responsible and marked extremely quickly, so we could always get feedback almost immediately. Furthermore, everyone in my group did their share, and we always had fun at our Skype sessions at night. Jiankai was good at language (he was from Humanities Programme in high school), Ziqi was good at drawing (he was from AEP like me), Zhi Ying was good at distributing the tasks (she was the group leader -- we forced her to be), while Lip Wei and I did our parts respectively. Although there were some turbulences in choosing our topic (we did Xinyao at first, but we realised that it was quite hard), we managed to overcome the issue with the help of Ms Tan (we changed to an organisation called BloomBack in the end). 

In our class, the group with Wei Chuen was not the issue, which was quite unexpected. The group leaders (Chin Howe and Zi Yu) with all male members faced the problem of uncooperative groupmates. They had to constantly chase their members to complete their part and more often than not, the work was unsatisfactory. I remember that Chin Howe was complaining about the quality of the slides done by his group members and he had to redo it when he was busy with his Taekwondo Exco and competitions, and I even helped him to print his final report because one of his members did not do it in time for submission the next day. Yi Qing, my friend from another class also complained to me about one annoying groupmate that did not put in much effort at all. 

PW presentation was fun but stressful at the same time. We had to give a five minute speech about our project, and we tried many different ways to make our speech more interesting. The class also had the chance to listen to one another’s presentation, and I will touch on some memorable moments. One is Wei Chuen’s opening. Their group worked on electronic waste, so he started off with a long, long description about a future scenario that could happen if we allowed the current situation to continue without doing anything. It sounded really cliche and draggy, so we (the class and his group members) tried convincing him to cut it short. I even suggested the idea of Wall-E, which I felt was a really appropriate link, but in the end he did not take the suggestion. On the other hand, Jiankai’s speech gave me the chills. He only wrote his speech the day before the first presentation run in class, and yet he was no doubt the best speaker for my group. It was smooth and caught everyone’s attention, as expected from the best public speaker in our class. 

I really want to thank my groupmates for the enjoyable experience (although I feel that the subject itself is still quite useless). I had a fun JC1 with them, and through this subject I got closer to them, especially Zhi Ying and Jiankai. For Zhi Ying, we became tea buddies after I always pulled her out to practice our oral presentation speech and saw different couples while roaming around the school, and for Jiankai, we both love chinese dramas and variety shows (which is rare), so it was a really good common topic to talk about. Our group even bought a gift from BloomBack (the organisation we worked on) for Ms Tan after our oral presentation was over.

