---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 19: CCA Chalet"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]
---

If you ask me at the start of JC1, I would have never imagined Mindsports to have a chalet. I have always thought it to be the nerdiest CCA of the school and did not expect much. However, the exco members of the CCA worked really hard to plan this chalet and I was really surprised.

I remember that on the day of the chalet, there was the first lesson of H3 Mathematics in the morning. Maya was considering H3 Mathematics, so we went to the lesson together. It surprisingly ended early (not surprising afterwards). So Maya and I left for Changi where the chalet was. We ate lunch at Pepper Lunch at Tampines then tried to get to Changi as fast as possible, as the rest of the batch met earlier and were already there. 

When we reached, the batch at the same bungalow (we were split into two bungalows previously) were seated in a circle and playing a game (I forgot what game it was, but it had something to do with cards).  We then went to the beach which was nearby to explore, but there was nothing much and after taking a few pictures, we headed back for dinner, which was pizza for our bungalow. The other bungalow was barbecuing with the BBQ pit, so we went over to ‘steal’ some of their food as well. 

The bungalow was much bigger than the one in the class chalet, and it has two storeys. Since I had the CCA chalet first, I was horrified by the tiny size of the bungalow for the class chalet. 

Anyways, we asked to rent a mahjong table and set to play after dinner while we took turns to shower. It was the first time I played mahjong with friends, and I had a lot of fun, as there were many instances of unbelievable luck. 

However, as Maya and I had homework from the H3 lesson, we had to do it while others had fun. It was such a sad life for us. I remember that the homework was about numbers and proofs, and there were many questions that we didn’t know how to do, and we eventually gave up. 

Later that night, the 6 girls in bridge as well as Maya had a girls talk in one of the rooms in the second storey. It was a heart to heart talk which brought us closer together. We were really careful to not talk loudly because Ervin was sleeping in the other room. 

After we were done with the talk, we went down to storey one to play games with the guys who were still awake. Some of us had planned to stay up the whole night, so we just sat around the dining table and played Daidi and both floating and contract bridge. It was honestly quite difficult to stay awake the whole night, but for the girls, Nicole, Tze Lynn and I did it. However, we were so dead by the morning. There were periods of time that I felt that I could immediately fall asleep after lying down. 

For breakfast, we were lucky to have Ervin’s cheesecake which he made himself and brought to the chalet the day before. It was extremely delicious (thanks Ervin!). Yihao also fried eggs for us which I forgot how it tasted like. 

Dragging our tired bodies, we checked out, and we decided to go to Tampines Ikea for lunch. Tze Lynn led the way because she lives nearby and she knows the way. I remember we took a bus to Tampines MRT then took a bus, but we had to walk a really long way to reach Ikea. 

After lunch, I wanted to buy a potted plant for a friend’s birthday from Ikea, so the whole group walked through Ikea to accompany me to buy the plant. I felt quite paiseh (It is Singlish for sorry) because they could have gone home earlier. 

