---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 6: Busier"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]
---

Junior college was every bit as busy as seniors have described. Although the number of subjects have decreased, the depth of each subject shot up tremendously. However, I managed to free myself from most things, so I was only left with the mandatory CCA sessions every Wednesday and Friday, and a piano lesson once every fortnight. My rationale was that I am going to enjoy JC life to the very best I can, and I believe that I should take more time to study and look through the future chapters in each subject so I do not struggle. Because in secondary school, with art elective programme, table tennis, community involvement projects as well as tuition, I practically had no free day at all. 

On my free days (tuesdays, thursdays and some mondays), I would stay back to study (or ‘mug’ as my classmates call it). The main reason for me to stay back in school to study was due to our classroom. In Hwa Chong, classes only get class benches to study in, but for SMTP GATE classes, apparently the timetabling prioritizes our classes first, so we have something like a ‘homeroom’, where most of our lessons take place in. And for our class, it is D601, in the newly constructed D block where all the facilities are new. Our classroom is huge, around 2 times the size of normal classrooms, and we have group tables instead of individual tables, as well as rollable chairs, which add a lot of  fun to our daily class moments. It is also located in a secluded part of the school, so it is much quieter and extremely conducive for studying. 

Most of the time I was alone, as my classmates had other commitments, but I could remember this one day with Ee Ting, Chin Howe and Zi Yu. I only remembered how we had a good talk together, got to know each other better, and did economics homework together (it was the first tutorial of chapter 2) on the board. After that, Chin Howe took a picture and shared it with the class. The reason why Chin Howe and Zi Yu stayed back was because they had GP tuition together in the evening, while Ee Ting was just like me (or she had something on).

Another funny thing was that I would bring my iPad to school, and I would play my games on it. Because I had finished my work early most of the time, I would play during lessons as I have always done in secondary school. The two most memorable games would be minesweeper and mahjong. I am really proud of my minesweeper record so I would play it in class to ‘show off’ how fast I was, while mahjong was a newly learnt game during Chinese New Year and I enjoyed playing online. Hence, other than the nickname ‘mugger’, I think I was also known as a gamer in class, always on my iPad with a green cover. 
