---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 7: Contract Bridge"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]
---

Moving on to my CCA. As mentioned before, I was tired of having a hectic secondary school life, so I decided to give up table tennis which I have played for over a decade, and decided to explore something new, and contract bridge section in mindsports caught my attention.

The table tennis teacher in charge, Ms Lum found me before orientation to ask me, “Why have you decided to drop table tennis? Do you know that you’re a DSA (direct school admission) student, and you have to be in the CCA for 6 years?” 

“Sorry but I have lost interest, so I don’t want to continue anymore.” I replied as my mum told me, as she said that they are unable to do anything about a loss in interest. 

“What CCA do you plan to join then?” She continued asking. 

“Mindsports.” I replied sheepishly. 

She looked really shocked. “I would have thought that you wanted a more ‘highkey’ CCA, but turns out it was mindsports.” (she didn't use the word highkey but that was the idea)

In the end, she could not convince me, so I was free to choose the CCA I wanted. My table tennis senior Tze Ling, helped me a lot by introducing me to the Mindsports president, Jerald Kiew, and I went for some bridge sessions prior to the start of school to familiarize myself. 

In secondary school, we would play a different type of bridge, called floating, and I found out that the official bridge (contract bridge) was actually quite different from the one laymen play. But I never regretted my decision. 

During orientation with my OG, I met Kimberly, who was also interested in joining contract bridge. As contract bridge requires a partner and we were acquainted with each other, we decided to be partners.  

Kimberly and I always found it awkward to talk to Jerald, and we would have many panic messages to each other about how to reply to him. 

Trials for the CCA were also a joke. During one CCA trial session, we would be called out in groups of three to another classroom. First, we answered some questions about why we wanted to join the CCA, then moved on to a test of finding a missing card from the deck. I managed to find it, but Kimberly didn’t, and she panicked a lot about not getting into the CCA. However, Jerald explained afterwards that it was how we sorted cards that mattered, and not about the result. Anyways, we both successfully got into the CCA. 

### Note
This is the last chapter of part one as I have ran out of ideas to categorize my JC stories. Recently, however, I have some ideas for new chapters so stay tuned for it!

In the meanwhile, maybe I will post books and drama reviews I did in the past.
