---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 16: More Contract Bridge"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]
---

As I mentioned earlier, I wished to have a more slack life in JC, hence I chose contract bridge. Yet, I did not expect that I would be so invested in this game, and it is a pleasant surprise. 

At the start, it was a firehose of information. There were so many different conventions and cardplay that we were required to remember. I did not bother to read up during my free time as well, since I did not want to spend so much time on it. 

Mr Loy, our teacher-in-charge, as well as a previous bridge player, taught us for the first two lessons in the June holidays. He taught us about the opening bids, as well as the points system (till now I still can’t remember the exact points for each bid). However, the real bidding was very different, as most of the time we could not progress after the first bid, and had to constantly ask seniors about what to bid next. 

It was quite frustrating at the start, as we weren’t exactly able to enjoy the game due to our lack of experience. Each game would last 20+ minutes or even more. Hence, you could tell how shocked I was when I found out that each game should only be about 7.5 minutes. It seemed totally impossible at that time. 

There was a lot of memory work required as well. Each card played had a meaning, and from that you could infer what possible cards your partner and opponents had. This is especially important in a no-trump contract. I remember that every time after CCA, I would get a headache as a result of my brain overworking. 

After the first two lessons, Mr Loy did not teach us, the J1s anymore. We joined the J2s in the lessons conducted by Kelvin, a national contract bridge player. He is a really funny person, but at the start, I couldn’t understand most of his jokes (as it was related to the card play/bidding). I didn't understand what he was talking about most of the time as well. There was this memorable time where he was explaining a slam contract, and the bidding reached Roman Key Card Blackwood (RKCB, it is used for asking for a slam contract) convention. All the bids had a specific meaning, and are all artificial (meaning if you bid 5 Clubs you do not mean you have clubs). I got so lost at that bidding that I lost focus after a while. 

In JC2, we changed one of our teacher-in-charges, Mr Chua, to Mr Loo, another national contract bridge player. (Kelvin was not free anymore to teach us). However, Mr Loo did not spend a lot of time teaching us, so the responsibility landed on Ervin, our captain instead. I must say, he is the best in our school, and one of the best in Singapore for our age group. He even represented Singapore in an international youth contract bridge competition in Thailand.

I must say, I had a really enriching experience learning this mindsport in the two years. I dare not say that I am good at it, but I have grown to really enjoy it, and it is something I would want to pursue as a CCA in my university. I have gotten to know a community of bridge lovers as well, in school and in the Singapore Contract Bridge Association. Possibly, Kimberly (my partner) and I can join the international competitions for the girls’ team along with batchmates Tze Lynn and Nicole. 

I still remember all the weekly Friday dinner our section would have after CCA. I did not join for the first few times, as I was not that close to my batchmates yet. These dinners soon became  really enjoyable bonding sessions with everyone. Some really cracked me up so much. There was this time where Yihao and Zheng Wei ate half a packet of Lewu’s chilli (which is known to be really spicy). They ended up with really red faces, and everyone laughed so hard at their expressions. There was just one downside. Since we live in vastly different places, we ate near school all the time, and after two years we got so tired of the places we frequented near school.
