---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 12: Class Chalet"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]
---

Class chalet was a tiring one because Ee Ting roped me in to plan it with her. All this planning was done during the preparation for PW oral presentation. It was a time where everyday felt unproductive because we did PW all day long. 

We started off by searching for chalet locations that are affordable, but given the time period we could hold it in, prices were not that good looking. We also planned the timeline of the chalet, suggesting many different activities and games. Ee Ting was really excited about it as she could finally plan and play all the Running Man games she thought about. One major game that we looked forward to was the name tag elimination game which was the signature of Running Man. We had a lot of fun splitting the class into two teams for the games as well. 

I was largely in charge of the food, and I ordered a mini buffet from a catering company which was at least 10 dollars per pax. It was the cheapest I could find. 

In the end, we collected 25 dollars from everyone, which was a lot in my opinion, but Ee Ting and I had already tried to cut the cost to the lowest. 

Class chalet did not turn out well. We first met at Tampines to have lunch at Pepper Lunch, then there were some items that needed to be bought from the supermarket. Hence, Ee Ting and I dragged the class to the nearby supermarket to buy them. However, we got frustrated that the guys were not helping us, and the bicycle gang even left (to cycle to the chalet location) without telling us. 

On the way to the chalet, it started pouring. It wasn’t even a normal rain. The sky seemed to be pouring buckets of water down for at least a full hour. We checked in and made our way to the house in the rain. I had the map (that got wet) so I needed to lead the way, trying to find shelters along the way. When we reached the house, we were already beaten, and I felt that I had already used up most of my energy. 

Furthermore, the house was really small, and it did not look like it could fit almost the whole class in it. Everyone settled down, and we tried to keep the place as clean as possible without our wet shoes dirtying the floor. Since the name tag elimination game needs to be played outdoors, we could not play it as it was still raining. 

In the end, we decided to go to the nearby bowling centre and the guys bowled. For me, the food was going to come, so I hung around the place with Zhi Ying and Chloe until the food caterer came. We went to get the food, which was really heavy, and put it in the house. It was at least 10 dollars per person, yet it did not look enough for all of us, especially with so many guys. 

After the class came back from bowling and the rest of the class arrived, we started having dinner and talked for a bit in the cramped living room. The guys were nice enough to let the girls take the food first. We cleared the things up and moved the tables to the side to make space for the games afterwards. There were some really funny games, such as guessing who got the coke with wasabi in it, and saying a number that is different from what you show in your hand. That was the best part of the chalet. 

Afterwards, people started showering while some left early. It was near Zhuo Han’s birthday, so some of the guys tricked him out while we took out the cake that we bought previously. Of course, we gave him a surprise by trying to smash the cake on his face but I remember that it did not work really well. 

For the night, the girls took one of the rooms while the guys took the remaining room and the living room. Someone did not sign out of their Netflix account previously, so we managed to watch a movie, while some of us played bridge. 

At around 3am, we all decided to sleep and the girls slept horizontally on two beds as there were five of us (Claudia was overseas). 

The next day was nothing much, just that we had bread for breakfast and spent most of the time tidying up. We took a picture outside of our house, and while doing so, we had a lot of mosquito bites, especially Zhi Ying. 

It was not a very successful chalet, but we did have fun and it was quite fulfilling planning for it with Ee Ting. 
