---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 15: Lessons"
author: "Linglong"
draft: true
tags: [book]
---

Having talked about Chemistry, Economics and Project Work lessons in detail, I will do so for the other subjects. 

## Math

For Math lessons, Mrs Chen would often ask us to solve tutorial questions on the whiteboard. She would first ask for volunteers and there was always one person who was very active in volunteering himself -- Yicheng. Without fail, almost every math lesson, we would see Yicheng’s hand shoot up, hoping that Mrs Chen would pick him to write his answers on the whiteboard. He would sometimes call out Cher Han to write the next question as well. It always brought laughter to the whole class. I would sometimes volunteer myself when I was feeling bored in class. 

For one term in JC2, Mrs Chen took leave for the whole duration and there was a relief teacher which took her place. Honestly speaking, the relief teacher was not that great at teaching and we all hoped for Mrs Chen to come back as soon as possible. I could not do other subject’s work after finishing my tutorials, and I did not have a good understanding of the last topic, Hypothesis Testing, as the relief teacher did not explain it properly. 

I partly attribute my poor math grades in Block Test 2 to the relief teacher. I dropped two grades to the worst grade I have ever gotten for Math. After Mrs Chen came back, she explained it so that I finally understood my misconceptions in the last topic.

## Physics

Moving on to physics lessons, we only have 13 people in a class. Our class seemed especially small when we were scattered in D601, where it is bigger than normal classrooms. One memorable part about physics lessons at the start of JC was that Shao Chong was the only one who could answer Mr Low’s hard questions. That was when we learnt that Shao Chong was really smart. 

Lessons were free and easy. Mr Low would always complain about having to come to teach us instead of having his coffee at the canteen. He would often joke with us as well. I remember when he first saw Ee Ting’s short hair, he asked if she had gone through a break up (there is this culture where girls cut their hair after the end of a relationship, but it is not very common). Mr Low never failed to make his classes fun and interesting, as he often brought apparatus to class to show and teach us about physics concepts. 

One perk of studying physics and being in such a small class was that we often get early dismissals. We were able to grasp the concepts fairly quickly, and after Mr Low finished going through the tutorial questions, he would just let us off early. The record was at least one hour earlier. We, as the physics kids, would always flex our early release from lessons to the biology students. They, on the other hand, often had to stay back because of how long-winded their teacher, Mrs Ong, was as well as how heavy the content for biology was. 

Everytime, we would compare the thickness of the physics and biology notes. It was an enormous difference. Physics notes never exceeded 100 pages, but biology notes were piled up high for every single topic. Biology notes always had to be bound together with a plastic coil while physics notes were just stapled together. Because of this, the biology students had to pay much more for their notes as compared to the physics students. I remember that biology students had to buy prelim papers, and they paid $15 just for three schools’ papers. 

## General Paper

For General Paper (GP), a lot of the lessons included group works. Ms Wang would group us together to analyse essay questions and present them to the class. I did not like these lessons as I often could not think of good essay points to contribute to the discussion and I did not like presentations as well. Furthermore, I was faring really badly for GP. Another type of GP lessons we would all dread was when we had to copy the answers to a comprehension paper. Ms Wang never gave us the full answers, so we always had to copy frantically while she explained the questions and answers. It may not be the best method, but at least we were all focused during the lessons. 

Because of my horrendous GP grades, I would write extra essays for Ms Wang to mark. She would take extra time to help me mark meticulously, and go through the weak points with me personally. That was also one reason my grade slowly improved towards the end of JC2, and I am very grateful for her help.
